# Chalkboard

## What's the project about ? 

Chalkboard is a project that I have been working on massively. It is built with Ruby on Rails , Javascript, JQuery , PostgreSQL, and a lot more. Chalkboard is a mixture of youtube.com , medium.com , slack.com, Podomatic.com , Facebook.com, and meetup.com  . There are currently 5 different stations to offer. There is a real time group chat feature, built with Ajax , action cable, and Redis. You can create your own chatroom, or join chatrooms.Chatrooms support images, giph’s, videos, any file type. Everything is in real time, if you are in another chatroom, and you have unread messages you will be notified. There is also an entire podcast network, that has a asynchronous Ajax file uploading system that is uploaded to AWS S3. The asynchronous file uploading system walks you through the quick process of uploading for a richer experience. You can upload from anywhere in the website , not just on the podcast page. There is also  a video sharing page. The video page provides an asynchronous upload system as well, and ranks videos with the most likes. Every model on the site is likable and dislikable , and also tracks impressions by IP Address. There is also a meet up section , were you can host your own meet up. Just give a location, time, title, and optional other fields, and a landing page will generate for you. The landing page is completely customizable, so you can better advertise the meet up or brand. Also there is a custom fullscreen beautiful map, you can pull up that will display the exact location. The map has the meet up’s name and description in a popup dialog above were the location is on the map. Lastly there is an articles page, where you can write an article and share your article with the world. You dynamically create articles with the WYSIWYG editor which you can compare to medium.com. Writing an article also supports code, so you can plug in a snippet of code, and it will automatically place the code in a pair of <pre> tags for a code block and syntax highlighting. The idea behind this app is to share knowledge, but the possibilities are endless. 


## Authors

* **Jalen Jackson**  [jalenjackson](https://github.com/jalenjackson)

